[Music]
I personally think that the issue of whether
you like a YouTuber more or
less is fine, okay, it's valid, I dislike
a lot of YouTubers, I
dislike almost all of them, no,
actually, no, but well, it's not a joke, not all of them, there are not
many that I like, but I
think that what is
moving against me, what they are doing
to me crosses a little bit, not the
illness and the and the line, uh, or it turns out
that for a few days now
something has been happening to me, uh, quite serious, no,
and it may be that at any moment you
found that my Twitter account,
therefore I also understand that the
community and the whole thing, okay, is going to go to
hell, Okay, I hope not, I
hope not, tomorrow tomorrow we are going to
send them a burofax to Twitter, which is the
fastest way we always have to
communicate with them. Apart from that,
we have already sent them some emails, okay,
the relevant appeals have been made, you already
know that we on Twitter, well, we
are also making gossip, I don't
think we have the most viral account for
gossip, without delay,  I'm wrong, I think we
can say that it's the most
viral gossip account, I mean, anything we
post on Twitter goes viral, millions
of views and retweets, and and and everyone's
commenting on it, even the
protagonists themselves. Not today, René followed me
specifically. Eh, this guy Noni followed me
too, I mean, everyone you
see starts to react in the
live shows, in the clips, the news on the
gossip channels, many times they get
informed, no, and they also find out
thanks to the account that my
team manages and I'm very proud of the
team that we have, no, and honestly, they've been
trying to take down the account for a week now, but in a
completely illegal way and committing
several crimes along the way, okay, let's
try. We have some things
there, okay, let's try uh to catch it. And
if it's from any country where they
can get their hands on it, okay, I understand that almost
anyone, I don't know if it's from the Congo,
okay, I understand that it will be possible uh to hire
a lawyer, it's all a matter
of informing ourselves, no, but we're going to
try to find out who the
person is who is doing this and
putting it in  a good good cigar I mean there
are several crimes I don't understand how
people are so sick just to
screw over a person you don't like on the
internet I understand it's that no no it doesn't make
much sense okay It turns out that
about a week ago okay with this that
Agustín was talking about the subject
Agustín 51 was talking about what
he's been complaining about because they don't
make a Fortnite skin for him and something like that
Okay and and he throws me a clip
okay he throws me a clip on Twitter mmm the
use that I make of the content on Twitter
is legitimate use too okay we have
also studied the way to do it
there are many people who complain because I
put a frame because I put a
watermark I put I put the things that I have to
put and we treat it the way we have to
treat it to comply with the
regulations and the law Okay then he
throws me a clip I understand that Agustín 51
throws me a clip okay Nothing happens I don't
say anything in public or anything like that I
appeal it and that's it okay and the
next day he throws me a clip Star juking and
when I say  he throws a clip at gustín he
throws me a click Star yuki eh I say this
because the form is filled out with
Agustín 51's data and with
Star yuki's data So when
Agustín throws it at me, it doesn't surprise me Because
honestly I see him capable But when
Star yuki throws it at me I say I speak to him
directly he threw this at me and he
says Ai I'm going to throw this at you no it's not me he
says yes move it and it says that I'm from
Colombia and no and I already know that I'm not from
Colombia I don't know no Colombia I think it
was I don't remember I don't know if Colombia or
Cuba No I don't remember but he said yes it
says this and this and I'm not from there
total eh I peel it again I
peel it again I say Okay then it's slipped in
Well whoever it is has found a
way to make it slip in I wasn't
going to say this but not for nothing but
because e because it can happen to many
other creators I can cause it to
happen to many other creators but I think that
what we have to do might make
this person angrier  Okay, so
maybe this person will get angrier
now the way we're exposing it. And
surely someone will find him and he'll get
angrier and take down my account.
So if for whatever reason my
Twitter account disappears, okay, or my
YouTube channel, which they're also trying to
report. Okay, so if for whatever reason
my Twitter account or my
channel or whatever disappears, well, you know what's going on,
okay, we'll try to
fix it or whatever. But anyway,
he
's filling out the data, okay, look, for example, they're taking down clips of Gus 51 orlock, etc., others are throwing [ __ ] at you on their streams like Abi, princessita, etc., I think noni and mayichi have been the only ones who answered you well all month. Agusín hasn't given me
a cli, nor has he given me a cli,
Oslo, nor René, nor nor, None of those who
are reporting, man, one click from Auron is
worth the click, with almost 200,000
views, okay, as soon as you upload it, boom, it
works. I think what he's
doing is also  try to take it down everyone, that is,
this person, this sick person because he
is obviously sick, okay, and this
sick person, what he does is spend all
day waiting for my
Twitter account and what he does is start
reporting all day, that is, to report
what he has to do is search for the clip
search for the original live, okay, minute such and
such, minute such and such to make the report, I
mean, look at the time he spends
trying to take down my account, okay. Of course,
when I see the thing with tar yuki and he
tells me that he doesn't give me a click from Auron,
okay. And apart from that, he fills in the
data with, uh, with Auron's data, okay, he
puts it in Raúl Álvarez genes Iván Olmedo, I
don't know who the hell Auron is. Play, I don't know
what, and I always realize that it
's always the same email that you
're seeing on the screen. K you said to Oli
that it will be something from Oliveira, okay. And this will
be someone, whoever it is, well, what does he have,
uh, that's organizing for this, what a
crazy guy, I mean, he's a
person who is directly
impersonating everyone  the
youtubers that appear on my Twitter and since
Twitter accepts reports that are not from
the original person Well it would be nice
if you answered that question okay
obviously We are already sending emails
to Twitter tomorrow I am going to send a
burofax because they always
answer burofax okay And I am going to ask for help from here
to anyone who is watching me and
has a contact or has any other
idea to give me an email where I
can write everything that comes to mind
please okay because of course This has to be
solved and we have to catch
because it is a person who is see you
see Badalona I don't know what you know and also
the guy eh javit tud das with some obsessives
that you don't see I really believe that the
hate and the obsession and the illness
with me I don't know the Colony The truth is it
scares me a little Uh it scares me a little
because it is that I think that
this is getting out of hand no I mean that
my Twitter account bothers you that it is
the most viral Twitter account that
we are I mean that or in other words he is impersonating
a lot of  People
impersonating each other signing their
name as if it were the
content of it and he throws it away he's
impersonating a lot of
people to try to throw something at me
that I eat and now he threw at me
a while ago uh a click is mine and he
filled it out with my own with my own
data okay they also threw a click from
Javi himself, I do this on Twitter's part
The truth is that I sincerely do not understand it
uh sincerely I do not understand this on
Twitter's part okay let's
see I do not think they will throw the account or if they do it
will it be something temporary okay Why Well
because you peel it and they return it to you
okay he's using different
addresses and VPN to report you no no no no way he's not
using multiple
addresses he always puts this email the
other thing he fills it out himself you understand this gets
caught this gets caught sooner or
later he gets caught okay And that's it and he will
remember like the stalker who has the
judgment you are an image for this kind of
sick people What madness but look at what he
does eh I mean look at what he's
doing dedicating the entire day to mm to
see what click I upload Search The
Original Clicks okay, I mean for example this one
here has signed René's name But he
has even searched for his email, that is, his
plant his identity
a clip of René is being made that we are going to
see today here okay And what he has done was this
man no no this sooner or later it is
caught look at what happened with the
stalker what happens how expensive he pisses us off he
entertains us and then you
see him sitting in the game like this
stalker who put my address on
all the websites man man what
Cologne is mine what Cologne is mine
man the stalker who did
the thing with my grandmother's photos the thing with my son's photos the thing with publishing the addresses And he didn't stop and didn't stop and didn't stop and didn't stop and then in the trial okay in the trial not in the in the testimony that he
had like this the chubby boy with
glasses like that Okay and saying that it is that he
has a mental illness and that and
that at that moment he was with I don't know what
problem and that and that it was a joke so that
I would react in the  direct clear
now this when when you
catch him he will do the same he will do the same
when he sees himself sitting in court
now the same What did the one with the
glasses do the one with jé that the one with jé is
trying to claim that I am a
gossip content and that he did it as
content because I make content of
my lawsuits and he is trying to claim
that so that the
trial date is not set that they are not going to pay any [ __ ]
attention to him and there will be a trial but come on Yes or
yes what he has done has been
child pornography you know then when
that no when he gets there Sure but dude it
's that he is impersonating the [ __ ]
identity no longer of a person once
no no no no it's that he is impersonating the
identity because he has already done four it takes you
four more attempts that they will not have
slipped it because on YouTube I have also
tried a few times you know but
apart from that it's like how do you go or I mean that it does
n't get into my [ __ ] head
really I mean me, me with the people that I
am crossing paths with on the internet and the people
who obsess over me and the things
that they do against me  Dude, these are really
things that I don't, dude, you're
committing [ __ ] crimes, you're
committing a few
identity theft crimes, and you
're trying to commit all these
crimes to bring me down, one,
one thing that's part of my business, that
I work in. It's just that, it doesn't make any
[ __ ] sense, dude. I mean, no, no, I can't, I ca
n't understand that someone
is so sick, dude, this is the level, this is the
level, and I'm telling you, really, I mean, this is
scary. It's the level, eh, any of these people
who end up killing a famous person,
killing a star, you know what the [ __ ],
dude, I mean, one thing is that you post a
tweet criticizing something that you don't like, something that
you post is fine, whatever you
want is fine, okay. Even an insult in a
comment box, okay, they're not the
ones. Haha, this is stronger, committing
crimes to bring down your accounts, which is
obviously not going to get anywhere because
this, eh, obviously, this is not going to bring
down the account because it is being appealed and
while it is being appealed. Okay, eh, there
are places appealing all the things
constantly and that's it while it is being
appealed.  what
he's doing is wasting time and making him waste
time somewhere you understand me and apart from him
continuing and getting caught you understand
that what he's going to gain is complicating his
life but man are you
committing all these [ __ ] crimes I didn't
want
to tell you about them I didn't want to tell you about them here because by giving it more attention this is the last time I'm going to talk about it here in public but in case you see something happen to me on social media or he closes me on some channel know what it
is okay because giving more attention to these
people what it does is I know that they get
more excited and they do it more because they're
getting a reaction you're
getting me to do what are you
trying to silence me take away a
source of income man I
have 100 million views on Twitter and on top of that you
're impersonating identities And you're
dedicating the day to that for what Because of
course I understand that he's doing this
and he's not telling anyone
he's doing it well of course who the [ __ ] is
he not doing this to gain fame or
to become famous he's not doing it to
feel satisfied  dude is
sick he's completely sick okay
I don't know where it's going but look
I mean I think it's going more or less Well look it's not
just this it's not just
this it's from a few days ago okay this is
from a few days ago you guys already know that we have
several accounts that are that this
either let's see if I've ever seen
any creator but I see a series of
accounts that there are these are people Look
for example Wilson this has
insinuated a person to me that has
left me a little bit crazy because a person
has insinuated to me that they know who is
behind this account and that they don't
want to tell me because
world war three will start they told me I'm not going to
stop until they tell me and if it's not
her someone from my environment okay em this is
a full stalker who's watching you
now grandpa no no but of course he
's watching it I mean if you're commenting on
absolutely all the live shows all
the live shows dude I mean Look we were
taking a look at this the ant
telesalseo okay we're going to watch it again
because it's just mind-blowing [ __ ] mind-
blowing this  it's a day dedicated to
Javi eh daily the whole day okay I
mean look at this video eh I mean this
is from having seen you this is from what you
're watching this is from what you're
watching absolutely all the live shows
but from the beginning to the end
Look at this eh Well the best one is
chubby no the best one is fat no he's
pretending he's not
fat well yes he could be right now
yb and he could be the same no more or
less no May April May things like that
training okay And I'm losing
fat dease muscle I keep gaining
always what is he pretending he's not
fat after the summer already emp
there they try to put in that I'm
fat I'm at 15%
body fat okay But come on if I was
fat 6 months ago I was
with 20% body fat you
understand what if I had it what I started
with the nutritionist Okay, on the
weekends I do break the diet I'm
here busy at work and I know how to get into
something and I have to order food because I ca
n't  stop whatever or because
my wife goes out eh I don't know she went to her
mother's house for something and I'm here you don't
know how to prepare anything V I mean it's
commenting on every word home Mad the
hate the hate and I'm losing fat
at first I lost a lot because I was
almost at 20 fat Well I see you the
same as a month ago but you're not
the nutritionist who measures
because I was almost at 20
body fat and now in this last one and they put
filters to make you believe that you get
strikes Yeah come on Exactly what
but it doesn't matter eh it doesn't matter Then I
could throw it away Anyway What happens is that
this doesn't affect me this is what it
reflects and it's scary It's how stalker you
are dude I know you created an
email account to be able to create a
separate account and to dedicate it to hating me I
mean because it's not saying no no I'm just that I
comment gossip and I say no no no no if
you commented gossip you did it from
your normal account and you're a stalker
a person who gets up every
day  I'm going to see what Javi has done I'm going to
see what he has tweeted I mean your day to day is
get up and go on Twitter I'm going to
see what Twitter says Javi I'm going to watch Javi's
live damn Javi is not
live today Where will he be Where will he be he is
a stalker they are stalkers in the
last two weeks I uploaded a little bit I mean
all day long that we know who he is
because he makes a mistake it Def leaked or
something [ __ ] embarrassing eh She
is not the one who is in trouble anymore because they told me no
no it's not going to be a problem she is not the one who is in trouble anymore It
's [ __ ] embarrassing now it's [ __ ] embarrassing man I mean this
stalker who is
now on trial with me for several
crimes it's going to be known sooner or later it will be
known Who he is And you're going to have a
criminal record for harassment because
since I went to the Valencia thing and I ate at a
Burger King a cupcake a sandwich and
vmon let's
go well the diet is going very well the
truth is I'm eating like crazy
Only today I have to confess that I ate at
McDonald's  but I have an explanation
okay this morning I had to record
eh in a gap I had I ate a
browni I allowed myself tomorrow we
run as soon as I wake up we
run for an hour tomorrow we run for an
hour there was until where you bought I mean
this is about watching your live shows but from
when they start until they end eh I mean
taking and putting together a video compiling the
times that I've said Look one from
September another from August another from July
eh compiling the times that I've said
Hey well look today I sinned today I
ate a hamburger Hey well look today
This is of course This is not even part
of a stranger this is about watching You the
live shows between the gaps the intro not
when I'm talking to you or or the
Yes yes Sergio they are F he's
trying me I mean his problem but apart from that
with hate eh look apart from that with hate Look at
the comments what a failure for
failure yours is I'm not preparing
for anything not even to live off nor am I going to go to
the party nor to live off nor vias a
cover if you were a cover in a
magazine or something like that for the
best you know you have  that stop you come on is
that the first thing I would do would be to stop
doing Stream or so much or so much content and
I would focus on the body only
you know but apart from that he is like a son of a [ __ ]
with hate not the serl responds to Javi
Oliveira and makes it clear that he will not be
intimidated by him and his owner
Dalas I have seen this before in the
salsería between salseo okay I continue clear what
you j 10 and continue Well of course Well of
course what would I become if I
say something that I know is true and you
tell me I'm going to sue you xurra and stop you
know what I would become a coward
like you a coward like you who said
what you knew to be true and to
this day I still know that it is true but
nevertheless what you did was eat him
support Dallas this boy eh all this
that is accumulating is another lawsuit he
has to maintain his his role not of I
am a very tough boy I do not care
nobody silences me this is a lie this here this
here in the salsería We have already
seen it Okay when delox it  I had a
lawsuit eh that I was sending a message to
delox can we can reach an agreement
but don't tell Javi don't
tell Jai because I'm not laughing anyway it
seems like a good idea to reach an agreement
of course I laugh at trying to act a
role in a live show when then eh at the
slightest thing that delox had you sued for
much less than the lawsuits that we
are filing against you what a guy What a [ __ ] lazy
justice I said the other day okay I mean
very very like this they have to be
for me to start suing more okay and
I filed the lawsuit I don't know if it was
May or April I don't even know when the [ __ ] it was it
was before summer it hasn't arrived I
have the attorney fried Hey what's
going on it hasn't arrived because I don't know
what from the court secretary whatever it is
okay it hasn't arrived okay in the
first lawsuit I ask for little because I
always want to give her something more or
less realistic also that later if
you ask for 60,000 like her friends do Okay
then the sentences to costs are
crazy I mean you have to put something
for me  for my taste you have to put
something reasonable that is logical okay
the second demand is not going to be to
ask him for 3,000 or 5,000 obviously Okay
and nothing this kid who is so
intelligent and so smart and such a fighter
for the truth well obviously he is leaving he
is mortgaging himself for life that it will be
very slow It will be very slow okay and it will take
him a while for the second one to arrive by 2026 it will surely be worth whatever he wants but this kid is mortgaging himself for life and it is neither a threat nor a scare or anything about me you can talk of course and you can give your opinion of course but not in the terms and the
accusations that this friend makes
Ask him for the entire house no no the second
demand with everything that he has been saying
since the first one was written until
now Hello Javi I have been following you since your gameo
ver miare It's a shame that your stalker is
called like me pirul well I don't think he is
called like you we don't know what his name is
But anyway I hope we find out but what
is what I am telling you em that I don't care
man you are very brave and you have to
maintain  this paper for the four
that will be there in the chat so they can
tell you Oh how brave the laser won't
let me in so I can tell you Wilson
Javil wig and that's perfect in private
when Delo sues you for much
less okay for much less you go and
tell him Okay well we can fix it we
can fix it but don't tell
Javi don't tell Javi I mean you were
about to lose a court settlement
because he didn't tell me But who am I
so important to you that you
care if I find it funny or not that I
lower you I'm going to sue you again you already
have one I'm telling you and I'm going
to sue you again I'm not going to
answer you I'm not going to make content
about you or about you or about
others like you okay I'm not relevant if
one day I am then I'll answer you But
that won't stop me from suing you every time there's
content that I have Of course they're
going to condemn you and this Well you'll
say Well then I don't care I'll pay it I
think you're going to mortgage yourself your whole life
because I don't know if this is worth it to you
because  there are many people who
demand it that you laugh at but that they
can afford it okay And that nothing happens it
doesn't affect them But to you I think that it will go to you
and it will keep adding things to you throughout your
life until you pay it no no this is a
mortgage for life but it's not that you
want to criticize anymore Well of course I would be
missing more than that you couldn't criticize me
Of course you can but what you can't
do is in the terms that you
do it and with the accusations that you
make that are lies that they will
tell you and you believe them and that's it
but I don't care I don't care it's just that
simply because of the expressions okay
place simply because of the expressions you are already there It's
not that you called me a rat in
2021 Of course of course and then you now it's that
every time he does a
live show again every time he comes back because he
disappears he gets into a funk I don't know
what his move is and he disappears and every time he
comes back with Javi and with Dallas man
Javi Dallas is no longer doing
any gossip or anything controversial but it's that
nobody  he's not answering anything
even he says here len responds to Javi
but that he's not responding to anything and
much less in those terms it's not that
you insulted me in 2021 already already already
but that you can't be 5 years
later still insulting me not even a
week later it has already been demonstrated in
some of the convictions that you
have laughed at I see in laser a desire to
belong that makes him live in a
bubble of lies very strong remember
Javi when everything happens together with the
trials he will settle down and regret it
forever I don't care anymore or I
mean it's an outrage But I know it's
an outrage I don't care I don't care
but what I'm telling you but
apart from this paper is a lie whether he has
seen everyone ask
delox for forgiveness and say something like
don't just say in sight what are you going
here acting brave and on top of that
defaming in the [ __ ] cli I mean he is
not capable of
speaking with respect and without  violate
honor okay it's disproportionate what he
does versus what you're doing now is that you
're not responding to anything I
'm not suing him for when we were
fighting I'm suing him for
since we made a truce that we
made here in a live broadcast he continues I
mean I stopped and he continued after
all that he's not answering anything he
can criticize me it would be lacking more clear that he
can criticize me and say that I'm
terrible and that I'm the Callo from Dallas
and all those things but not in those
terms and not with and not with accusations
of crimes that they've sent me a
few and no and and those accusations of
crimes are not for a sentence of 6000
euros or 12000 euros eh accusations of
powerful crimes eh Javi is going to
respond to someone in the chat and just
like his I mean they are pure eh Look they
criticize a miniature of pipepino what
pipepino is doing is at the level of Javi oliveira
dude it's a [ __ ] illness it's a
[ __ ] illness No no it's that he doesn't
even have  no sense it doesn't make any
sense at all no sense at all here
to complain about a guy who told me
all this Christ bru who has
charged me with 800 crimes also every tweet he
puts on me is with insults and to
whom I never respond nor have I ever
responded Nothing more than these
last few days is worth it because she
says you can't sue everyone
is that you can't sue everyone you have to
choose Who to whom to
choose you know and what is that I told her
that she looks like a lesbian man well of
course she looks like a lesbian well you haven't
seen her she hasn't posted the
full body photo so it can be
verified it would have been ideal but to
put the full body photo The
photo stinks The photo stinks you know
clear and now then you confront him here in
a face to face in a debate and little more he
goes away crying and no no he doesn't play we
don't see each other a bunch of insults and they
send me a tweet because I told him she
looks like a lesbian Oh my God What a
total disproportion sick harassers
okay  eh those on Twitter are worth it, everyone
there with what they do with their life, I'm going
to pursue them as much as there is to
pursue them, okay, but this Twitter thing is
criminal, I mean, this is completely
criminal, I don't know what you guys think, I
understand that there may be people who
really dislike me and all that stuff,
eh, but for me this is
getting a little out of hand, eh, their
identity planting. Well, I've
told this before on telesalseo because I've
told this before on telesalseo because the
truth is that one of the clients who
have attacked me happened to us while we were
live. Look,
René ZZ just wrote to me, he says, or Javi. I don't know
what happened with the copyright of
the click you posted of my little bit with
Orlo, but we haven't removed
anything. You know it could be fite,
the kid wrote to me, the
kid was worried when he saw
Claro because the clip was going super
viral, whether he wants it or not, it doesn't hurt them anymore, it does
n't hurt them either, you
understand, and the kid wrote to me to
tell me that we don't  we have
reported you we have not reported anything to you
know by the way Tell him to react to your
tattoos Javi No but trust yourself The kid
has written to me clearly says Javi that they have
thrown the copyright clip and it was
not me So we are going to try to
find out who it is okay we are going to try to make him pay we are going to try to make him
pay we are going to
try to claim whatever
the loss is and make him pay for the crimes whatever it is
no the worst of all you know what it is
The more eh They try to
screw me the more my community picks me up
okay hey and all these people why don't they
have balls with the
lords the more they try to screw me The more they try to screw me
and the more they try to
trample on us and the more they try to make us leave
of of of doing what we do okay the more they
support us man the lords today that they are
more super chats in reality Because these
super chats are the ones of five and and and they
have passed the challenge and when it has stopped
counting they have continued or rather showing
the support of eh Here we are going to be and
The more you screw me The more
you try to screw me the more my community is going to support me
So  I kept trying you're
wasting your time you're going to
jail okay most likely or you're going to
end up with a criminal record and and I
sincerely am going to waste my
time somewhere a little bit appealing and
me sending some emails a buruan you know
but doing it tomorrow do it again
and tomorrow uh tomorrow well my my community
my
gentlemen well they're going to tell you tiriri that I
saw you and if you take down the YouTube channel yes yes you
close the Twitter account I'll open
another one and if you take down the YouTube account
we'll go somewhere else or open another one and that's how
the
gentlemen responded this surely I didn't want to
say eh I mean because surely eh it's
going to piss them off more eh they're going to try now to
throw this live anyway the usual
okay 200 new members eh in the
gentlemen they have reached 2000
members today okay 200 members 200 members
So nothing keep trying [ __ ] that
The more I get people excited the more they're
going to support me a kiss fall The
more they want to dirty me the more I  clean
where I found out who it is I'm sending you everything I
hope it helps you Thank you very much caela
Well there you have it, the email that you
are using, okay because in the end
even if you are impersonating the identity of
the youtubers, you do have to end up
putting an email, okay, eh, that is, it is
from the one you are reporting, so
the thread is going to be thrown away, I don't know if it is
because of IP devices or whatever,
okay, let's see what Twitter offers us,
okay Because Twitter does
have all the possible information, okay, but
this is already criminal, I mean, I understand that
maybe the people on Twitter didn't respond to me
with the multi-account of a
certain person, well, okay, a fight
between the two, they are insulting each other. Well, of
course, now there are identity thefts here
and now
the youtubers are answering me, they are telling me, man, what's wrong with you? They are
throwing away
my clips that you are posting because of copyright, you
know what a thing, man, who is committing a
crime, is committing crimes for nothing
because, I mean, I don't know, no, I don't understand. Good
night Javi, always with you. A hug, a
kiss, Julio. Thank you very much  man a kiss
Thanks man the lordship gives you members and
we beat you they increase your
pocket we read it's not that you know
what's going on that as they see that as they
see that the more they
're trying to screw and step on man and they see
your support there it pisses them off more there it
pisses them off more so I imagine that fabric
maybe I don't know maybe every youtuber
within their lords and their moves Well maybe
you know of other
youtubers to whom something like
this happens okay but I haven't seen
anything like that a thing like that a
persecution Maybe I haven't seen it okay I mean it's not
that anymore eh I mean that
multi-account group created just for me okay
then dude anything I tweet
anything dude m a tweet today not
yesterday Sorry yesterday a tweet promoting
the site where Mikel is
getting the aid for the Dana man Well they
also wanted to screw this
tweet they also wanted to screw this tweet I
mean let's not forget the Valencians are no
longer
needed  Dana for likes and
views there are people who
were by his side who are
exposing him for being a profiteer guy they
took a clip of Ruben out of context and
the other one was joking and they called me both
Ruben and Mikel they called me
both they called me uncle that I that
they got the the nonsense they
were saying about me that if you
vote for them that if I don't know what that if I don't know
how much and now pay attention to this pay attention to
this detail well Ruben told me man I
go out and say something don't pay any more attention to him
because you know the worst thing is that it was revealed that he
falsified a conversation in relation to that
visit totally taken from the [ __ ]
[ __ ] totally from the [ __ ] [ __ ] Okay and
look at what the stalkers' accounts put as a source
Why Well because it
comes from there they are surely groups
that have and and things like that
groups and movements that have you know they
are sick no no no they are not
sick they are completely sick
okay eh regarding gabela I wanted to see
something else first also today today
we have sal seito eh tomorrow I have to
get up early  Look at this, it's just that
the blocked account thing popped up before
when of course they're trying to pull it, it
's tremendous, man, it's tremendous
[Music]